clear menu
dwelling until subsidies from
let's write one by one
let me write it very much
serious event
next who
collected all of the two three three you too
blew out the document is already pretty necessary
Now I write down the grass writing pass well
which we publish today public
neater metallic suddenly they are built
karyakin format you put on mom
okay of course
free
your opinions are your experts you
known this network willow branch spend
lighting on our status as a flower thawing
allowing paddock ibiza Stas these wool
norms of the law view by sight not only b not
collapse scene dns foliage cavern
made your way home to this you
value and than ours i am good i you
understood in the form please jointly
fix it please
what is a party to this fusion action
there was a development on the position of the norm p.
as well as in stages
387 part 1 of the criminal code of Ukraine
which provides for liability
for disclosing to this means all
participants and again I draw your
all attention including x specialist
who is filming lawyers as well
Directly vital on the
rich warn angle in
liability for non-disclosure
pre-trial funds expert will
sign the expert by the public prosecutor
tell me honestly
do you have such an honest man vitali
Anatolyevich Gypsies which all their
conscious life struggling with mayhem
fourgon guess instead of him
help entirely from 9 to 5 and new
translation is published today
against his criminal wet it
where logic read everything for from the main
male there is a judgment you can
perceive it as we are united otherwise
I do not know your wrought ruble because
This is our objective 2 topics
objectively based on a few and in
including how long did the right thing
decision accordingly and you are worth
objectively
many police officers planted
real brand it is important that is approximately equal to
many looked well, yes there is information that
advice to police officers came across
eat nights and that if
if you carried rus there is still soledad
more convenient lawyers use the same
electrical terminology planted behind
whether other places and other places are not
tracking mr
it is a very bad specialist something
the researcher who it should be
interesting by profession generally interesting
In general, something big is known but the figure
this pride of your Kherson region
really fed going on then i think that
this is a huge procedural mistake semi
prosecutors that she did not pay attention
at this station application Victor people
wrappers morning I got lost and you ivanovich
say it to them today you
I wanted to say that we are with 1 st absolutely s
my point is that
kerchief Vitaly Anatolievich
This is a real Flemish maiden area
journalism glows to the direction of gay
nasty
little ones i wanted a trace then what
today is just
messages of suspicion and point in this case
putting that ca n't put there
on flooded houses that is today
impossible day possible on stage
pre-trial follow is decided on
today's decision is made
pretrial investigation authorities
instrumentation to report details. snk about
suspicion of committing this
obligations then prosecutors responsible
case but we all understand it as
would still stomp and risks for and against
about the sort of it was super not
agree don't speak up
Freud
it seems you use technology too
you are trying to distract us from the body
conversation we see an agent to regret
me from i will embed a method to our subject
meetings subject of our meeting
falsification and
criminal criminal proceedings
Regarding game May evening duzhno Garneau
and ice floes
very good person who
engaged in identifying to illegal
the actions of the staff and I would even say
criminal acts or directly
the acquiescence of the meadows of the prosecution authorities
to you as i understand that to you as an employee
these same here it is law enforcement officers
here you support if there is